Update VS Publish to Azure (#27185)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/tutorials/publish-to-azure-webapp-using-vs.md

---
title: Publish an ASP.NET Core app to Azure with Visual Studio
author: rick-anderson
author: wadepickett
description: Learn how to publish an ASP.NET Core app to Azure App Service using Visual Studio.
ms.author: riande
ms.custom: "devx-track-csharp, mvc"
ms.date: 07/10/2019
monikerRange: '>= aspnetcore-7.0'
ms.author: wpickett
ms.custom: "devx-track-csharp, mvc, engagement-fy23"
ms.date: 11/16/2022
uid: tutorials/publish-to-azure-webapp-using-vs
---
# Publish an ASP.NET Core app to Azure with Visual Studio

> By [Rick Anderson](https://twitter.com/RickAndMSFT)

Reviewer: revert

![Web application open in Microsoft Edge. The Register link is replaced by the text Hello user@example.com!](publish-to-azure-webapp-using-vs/_static/hello.png)

* Stop the application by either closing the browser or in Visual Studio select **Debug** > **Stop Debugging**.

> * In Visual Studio select **Build** > **Clean Solution** to remove any intermediate and output files, and avoid potential file locks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In Visual Studio select **Build** > **Clean Solution** to  clean project items  and avoid file contention.
```

In the **Publish** dialog:

* Select **Azure App Service (Windows)**.
* Select **Next**.

![Publish Dialog: select Azure Service](publish-to-azure-webapp-using-vs/_static/maas2.png)

> In the **Publish** dialog, in the **App Service** pane, select **Create new**.

Author: You are right, it should be tab really.  Fixing....

> ### Update the app

Reviewer 2: On second thought I think this is more than a nice-to-have -- if you don't register and log in you haven't validated the database deployment and run-time connection.
